[docs] update indexer framework docs to include streaming changes (#24564)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/advanced/custom-indexer/indexer-data-integration.mdx

## Checkpoint data sources {#checkpoint-data-sources}

> The `sui-indexer-alt-framework` supports multiple data sources for accessing Sui blockchain data. Data sources are configured through command-line arguments and fall into two categories: **polling-based** and **push-based**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sui-indexer-alt-framework` supports multiple data sources for accessing Sui blockchain data.You configure these sources through command-line arguments. They fall into two categories: **polling-based** and **push-based**.
```

### Polling-based data sources

> Polling-based sources periodically check for new checkpoints using the [indexing framework](/concepts/data-access/custom-indexing-framework.mdx) polling mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polling-based sources periodically check for new checkpoints using the polling mechanism provided by the [indexing framework](/concepts/data-access/custom-indexing-framework.mdx).
```

- Unit and integration testing with known checkpoint data
- Development workflows with reproducible datasets

#### RPC API

> RPC API access queries full nodes directly using gRPC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full node RPC queries use gRPC:
```

- Networks without official remote store (devnet, localnet, custom networks)
- Development against local Sui networks

### Push-based data sources

Push-based sources provide real-time checkpoint data as it becomes available, offering lower latency than polling.

#### gRPC streaming

> gRPC streaming provides real-time checkpoint data pushed from fullnodes for the latest checkpoints. Because streaming only provides the latest data, it requires a polling-based fallback source (remote store, local path, or RPC API) for historical checkpoints and reliability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC streaming delivers real-time checkpoint data pushed from full nodes for the latest checkpoints. Because it only streams latest data, you must configure a polling-based fallback source (remote store, local path, or full node RPC) to retrieve historical checkpoints and ensure reliability:
```

```sh
$ cargo run -- --remote-store-url https://checkpoints.testnet.sui.io --streaming-url https://fullnode.testnet.sui.io:443
```

**Endpoint format:** `https://fullnode.NETWORK.sui.io:443` where `NETWORK` is one of the available networks:

- `testnet`
- `devnet`
- `mainnet`

> **When to use gRPC streaming:**

Reviewer 2: This is nice, but I think it would be great and consistent if we have a Decision Framework section like [what](https://sui-docs-afmv9bqpr-sui-foundation.vercel.app/concepts/data-access/pipeline-architecture#decision-framework) in "When to use each pipeline" section. It would be easier and more direct for people to start.

WDYT?

Author: I thought about it but I don't think a decision framework is needed here: the user should just always configure a streaming url whenever they can. Unlike concurrent vs sequential pipeline which has clear tradeoffs (concurrent has better performance but sequential gives your commit order guarantee), gRPC streaming doesn't have any disadvantages over using remote store only - e when the user is backfilling from genesis, it wouldn't hurt to provide a streaming url so that the indexer can switch to streaming as soon as it catches up.

Therefore I'm going to move grpc streaming section up and mark it as recommended. Thanks for the suggestion!
